[DOC] Update agent API (#4943)
flyteorg/flyte: docs/flyte_agents/developing_agents.md

## Async agent interface specification

> To create a new async agent, extend the `AsyncAgentBase` and implement `create`, `get`, and `delete` methods. These methods need to be idempotent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new async agent, extend the `AsyncAgentBase` and implement `create`, `get`, and `delete` methods. These methods must be idempotent.
```

- `create`: This method is used to initiate a new job. Users have the flexibility to use gRPC, REST, or an SDK to create a job.
- `get`: This method retrieves the job resource (jobID or output literal) associated with the task, such as a BigQuery job ID or Databricks task ID.
- `delete`: Invoking this method will send a request to delete the corresponding job.

```python
from flytekit.extend.backend.base_agent import AsyncAgentBase, AgentRegistry, Resource
from flytekit import StructuredDataset
from dataclasses import dataclass

@dataclass
class BigQueryMetadata(ResourceMeta):
    """
    This is the metadata for the job. For example, the id of the job.
    """
    job_id: str

class BigQueryAgent(AsyncAgentBase):
    def __init__(self):

>         super().__init__(task_type_name="saprk", metadata_type=BigQueryMetadata)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        super().__init__(task_type_name="bigquery", metadata_type=BigQueryMetadata)
```

    def create(
        self,
        task_template: TaskTemplate,
        inputs: typing.Optional[LiteralMap] = None,
        **kwargs,
    ) -> BigQueryMetadata:
        # Submit the job to BigQuery here.
        return BigQueryMetadata(job_id=job_id, outputs={"o0": StructuredDataset(uri=result_table_uri))}

    def get(self, resource_meta: BigQueryMetadata, **kwargs) -> Resource:
        # Get the job status from BigQuery.
        return Resource(phase=res.phase)

    def delete(self, resource_meta: BigQueryMetadata, **kwargs):
        # Delete the job from BigQuery.
        ...

# To register the custom agent
AgentRegistry.register(BigQueryAgent())
```

For an example implementation, see the [BigQuery agent](https://github.com/flyteorg/flytekit/blob/master/plugins/flytekit-bigquery/flytekitplugins/bigquery/agent.py#L43).

## Sync agent interface specification

> To create a new async agent, extend the `SyncAgentBase` class and implement `do` methods. This method need to be idempotent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a new sync agent, extend the `SyncAgentBase` class and implement `do` methods. This method needs to be idempotent.
```

> To create a new async agent, extend the `SyncAgentBase` class and implement `do` methods. This method need to be idempotent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new sync agent, extend the `SyncAgentBase` class and implement a `do` method. This method must be idempotent.
```
